we'll be so easy who didn't have feet
cuz I've no elbows down shoulders tail
or even it's no routine and some of it
is consistently smooth some of it is
consistently terrible I think it's a
routine fit to the final what we have to
do now is to smooth out the terrible
bits and then concentrate on what anthem
calls the quality which is things like
standing up straight through yes that
well what about finishing it later let's
just get them looking chase a bit I
think
listen for a party need to do it's never
backwards for one two three good yes now
you're a good scent as I did not resent
reading and one to every single patient
of it develops a problem when there's
really step yes two bits up there hey
together hang on have you seen hands
rise and fall just convincing all right
doing well her fevers